Clarify docs about env "useBuiltIns" behavior and common uses. (#2425)
babel/website: docs/preset-env.md

`"usage"` | `"entry"` | `false`, defaults to `false`.

> This option configures how `@babel/preset-env` handles polyfills and whether optimizations are applied to only include polyfills that are needed.

Reviewer: What about something like:

```suggestion
This option configures `@babel/preset-env` to only include the polyfills needed by your target environment(s). This can either include all polyfills needed to mimic a ES2020 environment (`entry`), or only include polyfills as they are needed/used in each file (`usage`).
```

Author: Riffing on that a bit more, how about this? I dropped mention of ES2020 because that will become outdated eventually.

```suggestion
This option configures `@babel/preset-env` to only include the polyfills needed by your target environment(s) to mimic the latest JS-spec environment. Options are to include polyfills as they are needed/used in each file (`usage`) or include polyfills at the entrypoint to your application (`entry`).
```

Given the nuance you mention, I'm not exactly clear on what are the pros/cons of each? If `usage` wouldn't help people in the case about `node_modules` you mentioned above, is there a reason people wouldn't always just use `entry`? If I understand that aspect more, then I think we could get a better synopsis out to users.

Reviewer: There are certainly people who _do_ compile their `node_modules` (or if you're sure that your deps don't need to be polyfilled) to get the full benefit of `usage`, it's just a caveat that people may not be aware of when they're setting up Babel for their project.

Author: That totally makes sense. I'm just trying to understand, when you say "the full benefit of `usage`", what is that benefit? Are there benefits of `usage` over `entry`? I think that would be good to showcase.

When specifying polyfilling behavior, you will want to include `core-js` and probably `regenerator-runtime` dependencies:

```sh
npm install --save core-js regenerator-runtime
```

You'll also need to set the core-js version via the [`corejs`](#corejs) option:

```json
{
  "presets": [
    [
      "@babel/preset-env",
      {
        "corejs": 3
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

> Generally, `"usage"` meets the needs of most users by only including the polyfills that are needed.

Reviewer: This might be a tricky recommendation for users who have dependencies in `node_modules` that rely on certain built-ins being available that aren't run through Babel.

Author: I hadn't even considered that. Sounds like a nuance worth mentioning, I'll include that...
